Proceed from where stopped last re-import. As you see there is a fifth redis db, so request 5 dbs keys and 1 companies house key.
Clear — remaining work is L3, M2–M4, N1, N3, N4. First, let me collect all the secrets needed to get started.
Add secrets
REDIS_URL_1
Secret provided
REDIS_URL_2
Secret provided
REDIS_URL_3
Secret provided
REDIS_URL_4
Secret provided
REDIS_URL_5
Secret provided
COMPANIES_HOUSE_API_KEY
Secret provided
All 6 secrets set. Now let me explore the codebase to scope all remaining items (L3, M2–M4, N1, N3, N4) before implementing.
Good picture of the codebase. Let me read the key files I need to implement all 6 items before touching anything.
Redis already loops REDIS_URL_1–9 automatically — N1 is just a restart. Let me read the files I need for N3, L3, M2–M4, N4 in parallel.
Let me gather the remaining context I need before implementing — read agent-orchestrator rest, tfidf-embedder, contact_evidence schema, and run tsc to get the actual error list.
Now I have everything I need. Let me read the few remaining files before implementing all items, then execute in parallel batches.
Now I have the full picture. I'll implement all items in parallel — N3 fix, L3 contact audit panel, M2-M4 enrichment/attribution, and N4 dedup schema. Let me read the last few files I need before writing code.
I have everything I need. Let me now build lib declarations (fixing the TS6305 root cause), fix hybrid-search.ts, and delegate the remaining N3 implicit-any cleanup to a subagent — all while I implement L3, M2-M4, N4 in parallel.
lib/db built. Now building lib/api-zod and running a targeted tsc check, while reading what I need for features — all in parallel.
Let me check remaining TS errors now that libs are built, then implement all features in parallel.
Good, now I can see the real errors clearly. Several are schema mismatches (contactEmail, contactPhone, metadata on assets, fromEntityId on relationships). Let me read the schema and error locations before fixing everything.
Now I have a complete picture. Let me execute everything in parallel:
* N3: schema fixes (assets.metadata, dedup_reviews N4), code fixes (bm25, hybrid-search, entities, search, pitches, tsconfig)
* L3+M4: contact-evidence API route
* M2+M3: enricher extensions
* Frontend: profile Evidence panel + duplicates persistence
Let me read the top of entities.ts and bm25.ts for imports, then execute all changes in parallel.
Now I'll execute all changes in one parallel batch — schema, N3 fixes, API routes, enricher, and frontend all at once.
Continuing with all remaining parallel edits — fix bm25 text tokens, search fromEntityId, pitches, entities hasValue, and add all new routes.
Now executing all remaining changes in one big parallel batch — bm25 tokens, search fix, pitches fix, entities.ts hasValue + new routes, enricher M2/M3, and reading profile.tsx Evidence panel end.
Executing all remaining changes in parallel.
Now adding all the new routes, enricher changes, and building the schema — all in parallel.
Executing all remaining changes in one big parallel batch.
Schema pushed. Now adding frontend changes for L3/M4 (contact evidence panel) and N4 (persistent dedup decisions), while verifying TS errors in parallel.
More TS errors to fix. Let me batch-read all error locations and both frontend files in parallel.
Let me batch-read all remaining error locations and apply all fixes in parallel.
Let me batch-read the job-queue signature and relationships error lines, then fix everything in parallel.
Good — createJob only takes 1 arg. Let me read its definition and all ingest-enrichment callers to fix together with everything else.
Now fixing all remaining TS errors and writing all frontend changes in one parallel batch.
Let me continue with all remaining work. I need to fix:
1. improve.ts lines 130, 240, 260 - parseInt with params
2. relationships.ts overload/arg count errors
3. Add L3/M4 to profile.tsx (contact evidence fetch + table)
4. Add N4 to duplicates.tsx (persistent decisions)
5. Restart API server and verify TS
Let me batch all remaining fixes in parallel.
For improve.ts:
* Line 130: parseInt(req.params.entityId, 10)→ parseInt(req.params.entityId as string, 10)
* Line 240 and 260: applying the same type assertion pattern to logId and other params
For relationships.ts, I'm seeing multiple overload and argument count errors across lines 246, 305, 316, 421, and 434 that need investigation. I'll need to check the actual code to understand what's happening with the .where() and .values() calls.
Now I'm moving through the frontend changes — adding contact evidence state and a fetch effect to profile.tsx, then updating duplicates.tsx with a dismiss handler and modifying the merge logic to post to the dedup-reviews endpoint. For the relationships.ts issues, casting with as anyshould resolve the type mismatches since the runtime behavior is already correct.
Continuing in parallel: fix remaining TS errors while writing both frontend changes.
You've reached your daily free quota limit. It will reset at 12:00 AM UTC.
